docs(add): new wbh journey (#5239)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/webhosting/concepts.mdx

- The management of your emails, including anti-spam, antivirus and filter systems
- Unlimited subdomains
- An FTP account to upload your website
- At least one database

## WordPress

> WordPress is a user-friendly content management system (CMS) that lets you create, edit, and manage your website without needing to code or technical skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordPress is a user-friendly content management system (CMS) that allows you to create, edit, and manage your website without requiring any coding or technical skills.
```
